I'm shocked and exceited! The points made in The Case Against Grades are incredibly progressive, they could've been pulled right from a student who struggles with conventional learning methods. Through high school I found success by directing my energy as dictated by an optimization of points and minimal effort. This translated well on paper, but I can confirm now that the retintion of information is sub-par, Obtaining a bachelors degree has shown to be far more difficult, who would've thought. Through all of my gruesome credit hours at GV I've thought of and discussed with my peers, many varying theorys on changes that could be made to acedamia. I've also had the oportunity to experience a large amount of diversity in the assesment of classes.

In my first years attending GV I tried approaching courses similar to how I did in high school. I found this made my acedemic journey into a job, that I didn't want to do. I got through some classes this way but found that along side struggling to motivate myself, I struggled significantly in multiple sequence courses. Many professors have used rubric and portfolio based styles of teaching in surprisingly different ways. I won't ramble on about the variation. I will say that I retained far more knowledge from these courses, albeit while still struggling to acheive the label as "proficient", or earn a C or greater.

After reading/watching the intro material and what you had to say on Monday, I recognized quite a bit of potential for this course that really excited me. I actually asked myself what I want to learn in this course and how can I apply it in my interests. Which, I've certainly said about other courses, so what makes this class different is; I can actively learn the material in the way that it applies to my interists!

P.S. I refuse to check the length of my response in honor of non-constrained learning, thus acusing you of **hypocrosy**!
